NM DONE
The driver of this shift was the availability of a combination of music specific PC hardware and software. PCs were now sold standard with sound cards, pentium or post pentium speed processors and CD-Rom drives that increasingly too came with CD writeable (burning) capacities. With these things, using a PC to listen to and access music was an increasingly common activity, and it is this capacity that drove all subsequent developments.
Supplementing this, there emerged free or affordable powerful software CD ripping software that allowed consumers to convert their own CD libraries into music, as well as tools to access music online. With these tools available, the mp3 compression standard which was already available, rocketed to ascendence. 
The emergence and effect of these hardware and software developments manifested in a range of effects in this period. Before discussing these effects, such as the emergence of mp3.com, the Madison Project, Napster and others, these PC based developments will be discussed in greater detail. The next three sections, CD-R and Ripping, access to mp3 files, and sharing of mp3 files describe the early behaviour and tools in 1998 that emerged. 
The growing prevalence of PCs and the internet, were supplemented with a range of more specific digital music hardware and software which was turning the PC into a powerful music listening and sharing tool. 
THESE ARE 2 sections:”::::>: 1.  below.  2. CDR
Wired News Report, 7 July 1999, www.wired.com, accessible:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20000815060004/http://wired.com/news/mp3/0,1285,20603,00.html>
“
Strauss Neil 5 April 1999, Free Web Music Spreads From Campus to Office,The New York Times NYTFPage 1, Column 2English(c) 1999 New York Times Company
Somogyi Stephan 1 September 1998, Burn, baby, burn, Macworld Magazine,MWOR91Vol. 15, No. 9EnglishCopyright (c) 1998 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved.
Misek Marla, 1 October 1998, Survey says: readers picktheright write media (CD-R and CD-RW media),EMedia ProfessionalLP38Vol. 11, No. 10, ISSN: 1090-946X
EnglishCopyright 1998 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Fritz Mark 1 July 1998, CD-R on demand: the long and short of a new business model,EMedia ProfessionalLP46Vol. 11, No. 7, ISSN: 1090-946XEnglishCopyright 1998 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved.
DOUG REECE, 1191 words 9 January 1999Online Ventures Met Real World In '98.(music industry happenings)BillboardBBRDEnglish(c) 1999 Information Access Company. All rights reserved.
Frankel, J., Greely, D., & Sawyer, B. (1999).*MP3 Power! With Winamp*. Thomson Course Technology.
Lewis Peter 15 August 1999, Opinion: Market for Digital Audio Players and Downloadable Music Grows, The Seatle Times,KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: The Seattle Times - WashingtonKRTBNEnglishCopyright (C) 1999 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World Reporter (TM)
Faux Karen 1 May 1999, Big CD-Rs break into the mainstream market,StoreMaster CD-R 74 Pro Silver Line disc, One to One,OTON29EnglishCopyright (c) 1999 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved, accessed Factiva,
Bennett Hugh, 1 January 1999, CD-R’s digital destiny (recordable compact discs), Tape-Disc Business, TPDB,Copyright 1999 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved., Accessed via Factiva:
Neo Ken and Mai Neo, 14 May 1998, CD-R technology making inroads, The new Straits Times,Computimes,Copyright (c) 1998 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved. accessed factiva:
Polon Martin, 1 December 1998, Home Digital free for all?, One to One,OTON71EnglishCopyright (c) 1998 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved, factiva:
Frost Tim, 1 September 1998, Happy Birthday CD-R, One to One,OTON43EnglishCopyright (c) 1998 Bell & Howell Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved, accessed via factiva
[office mp3.pdf](office%20mp3.pdf)
[internet.pdf](internet.pdf)
[Factiva-20151216-1041 (1).pdf](Factiva-20151216-1041%20%281%29.pdf)
[CDR.pdf](CDR.pdf)
[CDR.pdf](CDR_0001.pdf)
[cdr.pdf](cdr.pdf)
[polon.pdf](polon.pdf)
[misek.pdf](misek.pdf)
[fritz.pdf](fritz.pdf)
[frost.pdf](frost.pdf)
